Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Tobias!
That'’s okay.
There we go.
You'’re okay. right?
Tobias!
Tobias.
Here. hold it down!
Yes. sir!
Where'’s your sister?
She'’s fetching what she can
from the well.
We can distill
our drinking water
from the snow.
Hitch up Fable
and go fetch her.
Time is wasting.
Yes. sir.
We have to go.
It'’s too early
for a storm like this.
We'’ve held as long
as we can.
We have
to get off this mountain
or we'’ll starve.
Freeze or starve?
It seems the Lord
has forsaken us.
He is testing us.
And the children?
The Lord
be a capricious fiend
if he tries the helpless.
Hush. Mother!
We can brave the storm.
We'’ll be safe
in the valley.
We should never
have come here.
Abigale!
You know better
than to venture
beyond the path at night.
I just wanted to--
What is snow made of?
Water.
You are not to wander
out of my sight
without your Pa
or Tobias.
Is that understood?Yes. ma'’am.
Finish stowing the wagon
so we can leave
this horrid place.
Have faith in your father.
He will get us
off the mountain.
Have faith.
We must have faith
that our suffering
has a reason
and that by the grace of God
we will be delivered.
"Blessed is the one
who endureth these trials.
For having stood the test.
he will receive
the crown of life.
which the Lord
hath promised those
who persevere in love.
And you shall pass
through the river.
but the water
will not wash over you.
And you shall walk
through the fire.
but you shall not be burned.
No. the flames
will not set you ablaze.
for always as you walk.
I am with you."
"Consider it pure joy.
brothers and sisters.
when you face
diverse trials.
for these trials
worketh patience
and compassion.
Let patience and compassion
have her perfect work.
that ye may be perfect
and entire.
lacking nothing."
We got out
from underneath the storm.
Why have we stopped?
He'’s no spring colt.
He'’ll drop from exhaustion.
we push him too hard.
This is a good place
to camp.
Tobias.
You scout ahead.
Make sure there'’s not
a better spot to set up camp.
If you don'’t object.
I don'’t.
Abigale.
Stay here.
gather snow for water.
You mind your work. girl.
There'’s no need
to court misfortune.
Well...
How many we got left?
Only need one.
Right.
Can I load it?
There you go.
Yeah.
Ah. tamp it.
Slowly.
We can'’t risk it
jamming up on us.
Easy.
Good.
Can I go?
Your place is here.
sweetheart.
We won'’t be long.
Goddamn it!
What are you standing
around for?
Go after him
while I reload.Yes. sir.
You might'’ve got her!
Quiet. boy.
They could still be here.
Shh.
We'’re not gonna hurt you!
We'’re not gonna hurt you.
Shh. Miss. Miss.
Shh.
Miss. we'’re on your side.
Miss. it'’s not safe.
You have to be quiet.
Quiet.
Shh.
Tobi-- Tobias.
Yeah.
Snap off the arrow. huh?
What? No. no.
No! No! No!
Shh.
I saw some moss.
A few of the trees
when we came in.
Go.
Collect as much
as you can.
Go. go.Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
And get two thin branches.
Go.
Got you.
Okay. All right.
Shh.
Hey. hey. hey.
None of that.
none of that.
Stay awake.
What'’s your name?
Cassidy.
I'’m Abraham.
Do you know what happened?
You have family elsewhere?
You'’re welcome
to join my family.
We'’re gonna take--
We'’ll take--
We'’ll take you somewhere safe.
Here.Strip the bark
from the wood.
Yes. sir.
What-- What--
What are you doing?
What are you doing?I have nothing
to stitch your hand with.
All right.
Hold steady.
Breathe.
Breathe deep.
breathe deep.
Tobias.
It'’s ready.
Moss. Okay.
Take two sticks
and place '’em
on both sides of her arm.
Yes. sir.
Okay.
Put '’em in her coat.
Hold them there.
Yeah. hold them.
Hold them.
but keep '’em tight.Yes. sir.
Oh!
Okay.
All right.
Brace yourself. Cassidy.
This is gonna hurt.
Where did you learn
to do that?
I was a medic
during the war.
We had to make do
with whatever we had.
Let'’s finish the job.
Okay.
Fetch a needle
and thread. Mother.
Mama!
Quickly!
Oh. God.
What on earth?
Here.
Clear out that chair.
What happened
to her?
She. uh...
She was--
Her party. uh...
Tobias found her camp.
She'’s lucky to be alive.
Mother.
where'’s the thread?
I...Mother.
I got it.We couldn'’t abandon her.
No. of course not.
I don'’t think
they'’re infected.
Not yet. at least.
We'’ll know come dawn.
Tobias. finish the hunt.
Yes. sir.
You did well today.
You ready?
I got you. I got you.
Yep. I got you.
It'’s all right.
Miss.
You'’re safe.
Pa will take good
care of you. I promise.
There. there.
There. there now.
There.
There now.
All right.
I got you. I got you.
There. There now.
Hold it still.I got you-- I got her.
Hold it still.I got you.
I got you.
All right.
all right.
That'’s it.
That'’s it. honey.
Are you okay?
Are you okay? Yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
Stay with me.
Stay with me. dear.
It'’s almost done.
Stay with me. Stay with me.
There now.
Abigale.
help her in the wagon.
You'’re safe with us.
None of us are.
We need to be gone
before daybreak.
Whoever attacked her
might still be close by.
You could'’ve led them
right to us.
No one was around
as far as I could see.
We couldn'’t just
leave her there.
There'’s barely enough food
to feed ourselves.
let alone a stray.
This was all you could find?
It'’s something. Abraham.
We must'’ve lost the ammunition
at the other camp.
And you caught these how?
I made a snare.
Like you taught me.
I'’ll brine it overnight.
Do you need help?No. it won'’t take long.
You rest.
You'’ve done too much today.
I'’ll take the man.
You take the woman.
Hey. Hey.
Don'’t you touch her.
Don'’t touch her.
Darling. I'’ve missed you.
♪ How turns the glass
Around♪
♪ For shame ye bore
Tell yourself♪
♪ How stands the glass
Around♪
♪ Let mirth and wine
Abound♪
♪ The trumpets sound--♪
Brody!
Shut the fuck up!
You don'’t think
I have a good singing voice?
I'’ve been told
I have the voice
of an angel.
Ooh!What motherfucker
told you that?
Well. funny enough.
it was your mother.
She told me
while I was fucking her.
You think
that shit'’s funny.
Felix?
No. No. I don'’t think that.
You think it'’s funny. boy?No. No. I don'’t.
He thinks
it'’s very funny.
Ah. hell with all y'’all.
Oh. Rhys.
there'’s no reason
for you to be upset.
If anything. I'’m the one
who should be upset.
Yeah?
Why is that. Logan?
Because I thought
I was the only one
fucking your mother.
Whoo!
Gentlemen. enough.
We'’ve crossed a line.
Apologies. Rhys.
And since you are new here.
I'’d like to gift you
this song.
Brody!
♪ The trumpet sounds♪
♪ The colors
They do fly. me boys♪
♪ To fight. kill. or wound♪
Let'’s skin the rabbit.
Ooh!
All work and no play
makes Jack a dull boy!
What say you?
Left bank or right?
In this hand.
1864 Château Lafite.
Dominant grape.
Cabernet Sauvignon.
Sturdy vintage.
to be sure.
Characterized by notes
of smoke. incense tar
and saddle leather.
Thomas Jefferson himself
never drank its like.
Brody?Dang!
Well said.
And in this hand.
a more recent Saint-EÉmilion.
a Merlot.
Redolent of blackberry. spice.
vanilla and jam.
Both bottles liberated
from their oppressors!
Whoo!En route across
our territory!
Whoo!To the San Francisco
boomtown.
Felix?
It'’s real good.
Thank you.
Here. my friend.
Take both.
They'’re each worth
about $40.
Whoo.
Enjoy.
Don'’t know
why we'’re celebratin'’.
Anything good?
Shit and more shit. Hey!
Get your hand out of there.
We could probably get something
for the horse.
She'’s worth more as glue.Yeah.
There'’s only one thing
in this camp worth a shit.
and that shit
belongs to Logan.
God. it'’s good
to have you back.
It'’s good to be warm.
They was decent folk.
Most would'’ve just put me
out of my misery.
Is that what you want?
You know it'’s not.
After last time. who knows
what I know about you.
But they...
Let me fix that for you.
If you hadn'’t tried to run.
we wouldn'’t have
had to do that to you.
If you try and run again...
it'’ll be much worse.
savvy?
Yes.
Oh!
You didn'’t bring me
all the way here
just to shoot me.
I wouldn'’t waste a bullet
on you.
Mmm.
Hey.
Leave her out of this.
You were about her age
when you started.
The way I see it.
you can show her the way
we do things around here.
Or I can put you both
out of my misery.
Hmm?
Okay!
Okay. Okay.
Hey.
Just don'’t hurt her.
Holster my guns.
Don'’t drop '’em.
Mmm.
If Logan catches you.
he'’ll kill us both.
You brought me here.
Help me.
Them boys out there
aren'’t so bad.
Just do what they want.
you'’ll be okay.
And what do they want?
To whore me out?
No. nothing like that.
Then what?
Get folks to stop
on the road.
take me in.
It was you.
You don'’t know what
you'’re talking about--
My family'’s dead
because of you!I never killed no one.
Fuck you!I saved your life.
I wish you'’d
just killed me instead!
You don'’t mean that.
Leave me alone.
Leave me alone! Go!
Where'’d you get that?
Ah. found it.
Stole it.
more like.
We'’re thieves.
Practicing.
How come
you'’re not wearing gloves?
Don'’t that hurt?No.
Well. why in the hell not?
All right. all right.
Okay.
What you doing. man?
What the fuck you doing. man?
Watch this.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Cut it out!
Stop it!
Quit it. man.
Stop!
You'’re fucking crazy. man!
I don'’t feel nothin'’.
I'’ve been that way
my whole life.
Doctors got no explanation
for it.
I don'’t feel nothin'’.
This trade here.
I learned in the workhouse.
I work.
You'’re just takin'’ up space.
I got my uses.
Yeah. tippin'’ that bottle
ain'’t useful.
Fuck you.I'’m good.
I'’m just waitin'’ on Logan.
then.
Why don'’t you
make yourself useful.
let him know.
Not you.
Hey. I'’m talking to you. Brody.
Now.
Put your fuckin'’ britches on.
I'’m comin'’ in.
Y'’all decent?
Aw. fuck.
Y'’all is decent.
I was hoping
you'’d be in mid-orgy
or some shit.
What-- What is that
you call it? Uh...
A ménage à trois?
"Menagerie de todd!"
Someday. maybe.
Yes. bonne chance.
And please knock
before entering
from now on.
Were you raised
in a barn?
Yes. sir. I was.
The horses are ready.
Whenever you are.
In a moment.
All right.
There'’s a storm comin'’ up
over the ridge.
I'’m gonna get my chaps on.
get ready.
Get the girl ready.
She'’ll be joining us.
She ain'’t ready.
Well. she'’ll learn.
You did.
Put her on the trail.
she'’s gonna run.
She can'’t outrun
a bullet.
Let go of me!
Put me down!You motherfucker!
Let me go!
Stop it!
Untie me and let me go!You bitch!
You see this?
You gotta contain yourself.
woman.
I'’m gonna cut your ropes--
I think we'’ll just keep
the ropes on then. shall we?
We'’ve got business
to attend to.
Okay?
It'’s a day away.
at least.
I don'’t like
the look of it.
We need to keep the storm
at our backs.
What you thinkin'’?
You bring
the German?Of course.
It'’s a crossroads
next to a split pine.
See it?
Uh-huh.We can plant
the girls there
and wait it out
further down.
Should we do
a walk-around first?
Nah.
it'’ll take too long.Get ready.
The horses aren'’t going to
like crossing this ice.
Where do you think
you'’re going. huh?
Ah! Oh. God.
Oh. for fuck'’s sake.Where do you think
you'’re running?
Can no one bring
this puckish bitch to heel?
Damn it! I'’ve had enough
of your girlish fuckery
for one day!
Now stand down.
or I don'’t know
what I'’m liable to do!
Oh.
Hey. grab up the rope!
No!
Grab the rope!
Get the rope!
Grab it!
Where is she?
This is a river.
Current'’s taking her
anywhere downstream.
I think downstream
is that way.
I don'’t care
if you bring her back
as a corpse.
That little bitch
better be strapped
to the ass of your horse
by the time the storm
blows over.
or the last camp
I left you at
will seem like a matinee
at the panto!
Huh?
My daddy got this
in the army.
I got it when he died.
Felix. no. I--
You can give it back
when you'’re done.
You'’ll be all right.
Come on. Romeo.
Get on your horse.
You read Shakespeare?
What the fuck
is Shakespeare?
Let'’s go.
Oh. yeah.
There we go.
Juniper Christmas!
Don'’t move! Don'’t move!
Your sleeve will freeze
to the ice.
Got a fire right yonder.
We can get you warmed up.
We need to go now.
Soon as we get you
warm enough.Now. please!
Who you running from?
Devils.
Come on now.
What happened?
Fell through some thin ice.
I reckon.
Just stable Orion.
I'’ll draw a bath
for this one.
Get you warmed up
in no time.
What'’s your name?
Abigale.
Nora.
My husband is Erik.
Do you have any family
we could...
They'’re all dead.
Oh.
You could stay with us
as long as you need.
She was terrified.
That'’s for sure.
Well. where she come from?
Can'’t have been far.
But I didn'’t see no smoke.
so it'’s hard to say.
She say how they died?
No.
What do we do with her?
Take her in.
The Lord sent you
to be her savior.
What if the devil sent her
to be our demise?
Don'’t be an old fool.
You didn'’t see the look
in her eyes. Nora.
What about that blood
you washed from her hair?
The current washed
most of it away.
You find a wound?
Just a few lumps
and bruises.
She can stay with us
for a time. but I'’d feel
better about the situation
if we found someone
who knows her family.
You'’re right.Yeah. well.
I don'’t wanna be.
Would you like
to stay in longer?
I could boil
some more water.
I don'’t want
to be a burden.
I wouldn'’t have offered
if it was any inconvenience.
You'’re with child?
Maybe a little.
I don'’t--Well. Erik and I
are happy to have you here
safe with us.
Mmm.
She been gone too long.
She ain'’t coming back.
You don'’t know that.
That was pretty of you
to sacrifice your gun.
Least now.
it might get some use.
Oh. it'’s been fired plenty.
By who? Your daddy?
To hell with you.
You even have a daddy?
No.
You might as well
have thrown it in the river.
You ain'’t ever
gonna see it again.
Mmm.
Logan should'’ve slit her throat
last time she tried to run.
Or did you forget
that part already?
Even a shitty gun like yours
deserves to ride with someone
who'’d use it.
Mmm.
Them sure is good.
Pardon.
Good boy.
You remember me.
right?
Son of a bumble bee.
Nora!
I done told you. Nora!
...brought that girl home.Is she gone?
Didn'’t I say there was
something off about that girl?
But she can'’t have gone far.
not in her condition.She'’s taken Orion.
You are not
going after her.
We need that horse.
Nora.No. I need you.
This. All of this.
this is our miracle.
We'’ve worked too hard not
to see it through together.
Well. I wouldn'’t exactly
call it "work." now.
You know what I mean.
Come here.
If I don'’t find them
in a few hours.
I'’ll turn back.
Promise me.I promise.
You do what needs to be done.
but don'’t you dare
leave us alone.
Sure enough.
I was hoping
you'’d return.
Hey.
I'’m not gonna hurt you.
Look at me.
Couldn'’t hurt you
if I wanted to.
Where is my family?
What have you done
with them?
I was afraid
you were dead.
Come--
Come warm yourself
by the fire.
Please?
Why are you doing
all this?
Why are you here?
They sent me out
to find you.
Bring you back.
But I ain'’t gonna do that.
I'’m never going back.
And...
I don'’t know why I done
what I done.
I-- I tried to run away.
but then they--
they done this
to my hands. and...
I didn'’t know what else
to do then.
But that don'’t matter.
'’cause...
I'’m the cause
of your suffering.
Too much suffering.
I ain'’t gonna
cause no more.
You'’ll ruin your hands
if you don'’t let them heal.
They'’re already ruined.
Where'’d you find
that horse?
A rancher pulled me
from the water.
So. you stole it?Borrowed it.
I have every intention
of returning him
once I get Fable back.
Tell me you'’re jokin'’.
You'’re going back
to them fiends
for a horse?
He'’s the only family
I got left.
That'’s suicide.
Either way.
I'’ll end up
with my family.
We can return after the thaw.
if you'’d like.
Bury '’em proper.
You'’d do that?
If you'’d let me.
Fucking bitch!
Stole the arrowheads.
I know it.
What are you
talking about?
I made a cache of them
before we left.Well. now they'’re gone.
Why would she steal
a bunch of scrap arrowheads?
Cause it'’s the best proof
she'’s got!
They could lead the law
right to us.
if she'’s turned on us.
Felix. saddle up.
find Cass
and bring her back!
I'’m doing it.
I'’ll do it.
Sit the fuck down. junior.
This is man'’s work.
Hey.
you bring her back alive.
If you harm her.
I'’ll know about it.
I won'’t harm her any worse
than you already have.
They'’re my arrowheads.
I'’m doing it.
Okay. If you don'’t.
it'’s your neck!
Rhys.
don'’t make it mine!
Good evening.
Can I get me some
of that?
I'’ll pay if you want.
Oh.
No trouble.
Obliged to you.
You walked all the way
from Wicker?
In the dark?
I should'’ve charged you
for the coffee.
Mmm.
What you know
about these?
Not worth the price
of the coffee.
Not looking to sell them.
Asking what you know.
Okay. Well. that'’s--
that'’s handmade. so--
I only do
first-quality stuff here.
so thank you. but no. thank you.
That'’s not what I asked.
I don'’t know anything
about them.
And neither do you.
Go home. friend.
Can I have a look
at '’em?
You know what?
I-It'’s getting late.
I think I'’ll--
You got a name?To hell with you!
Okay.
You ain'’t got a gun?
No.
Hey. you stay right there.
friend.
Hey there.
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Sorry.
I'’m sorry. I'’m sorry.
This man I just nailed
to the bar. who is he?
I'’ve never seen him before
in my life.
He owns
the Wicker Creek Ranch!
I want a name. old man.
Sir. I do not know.You ain'’t gotta do that.
Erik! Erik!
His name is Erik!
That'’s enough. now.
He has a pregnant wife!
Thank you.
Now. Mr. Erik
with the pregnant wife
from Wicker Creek Ranch.
where'’d you get
them arrowheads?
Where'’d you find them?
No. no.
I-- I found them
in some trees.
They led me here.
What are you lookin'’ for?
Could you--
Could you not
hurt him no more. Please?
Tell me
what I want to know.
and I'’ll consider it.
M-My horse.
She stole my horse.
Who?
I don'’t know!
She ain'’t never
told me her name.
No! No! No!
No!
Good Lord have mercy!
Oh!
Mr. Erik?
Looks like you and me'’s
partners now.
Let'’s go find your horse.
Why don'’t you carry a gun.
rancher?
You lose it?
In the war. I done pointed
too many a gun
at too many men.
and. um...
just won'’t do it
no more.
Well.
that'’s a pretty notion.
Pretty fuckin'’ stupid.
You see any more?
Cassidy.
good to see you again.
But...
you ain'’t got the strength
to pull that trigger.
Do you?
Go on. rancher.
Fetch.
Mm-hmm.
Never cared
for the Schofield
much myself.
Too much maintenance.
Mmm.
Where'’s the girl?
She never came out
of the water.
Don'’t lie to me.
I'’m not.
Why did you come back here?
Give these folks
a proper burial.
More than you'’ve ever
done for anyone.
They get where they'’re going
one way or another.
Come on.
Get on your horse.
Let'’s go.
What?
You went through the trouble
of stealin'’ it.
We ain'’t just
leavin'’ it behind.
Don'’t give me
no trouble now.
Ain'’t them hands
had enough?
I was coming back anyhow.
I left them arrowheads
so I could find my way back.
Ain'’t no Natty Bumppo.
Erik! Erik! Erik!
Oh. God. Come on.
Oh!
Oh. thank God.
Yeah. praise him.
Maybe not just yet.
though.
I'’m so sorry.
Oh. Yeah.
My wife said it'’d make me
look more intimidating
to a predator.
She'’s a smart woman.
Sure enough.
What did he do
to your hand?Nothing nice.
Fella got some sort
of trademark.
This will apply
enough pressure
to the wound
without cutting off
circulation.
How-- How do you know
how to do that?
My father taught me.
Well.
he taught my brother.
but I watched.
You know. you'’re lucky
you ain'’t caught pneumonia yet.
You can thank Nora
for that.
You can thank her yourself.
I should'’ve never
stolen your horse.
Why did you?
He do this?
He was one of them.How many are there?
Four to begin with.
One'’s already dead.
So. what you
gonna do now?
Get our horses back.
I can follow their tracks.
We should move out
before sundown.
You'’re not going
with me.
Look here.
From this point on.
I'’m choosing to accompany you
and get our horses back.
After that.
you can make your mind up
as to whether or not
you want to come back
to the ranch with me.
Hey. easy. easy.
Easy. easy.
You ain'’t gonna run away
no more.
Ain'’t gonna walk
nowhere neither.
Leave her.
But she'’ll freeze.
I'’m not asking.
Go take care
of the horses.
You'’re gonna bleed out
if that isn'’t
treated properly.
Yeah.
I'’ll be all right.
Bullshit.That language--
You'’d rather die
of blood loss
than see your life out
with Nora and your child?
I can'’t let you
go in there alone.
I'’m not some
helpless little girl
who can'’t fend for herself.
Oh. come on.
You know that'’s not
what I meant.
What did you mean?
We'’re walking
into a snake pit.
but I intend
to retrieve what'’s ours.
So.
what we gonna do then?
Just wait outside
until one of them
decides to take the horses
for a stroll?
For now.
we'’re gonna rest.
Just for a minute.
Yeah.
She may not be able to run.
but she'’s still a traitor.
Oh. she just needs
a little correction
every now and again.
which I'’m happy to supply.
That'’s not tough enough.
She'’ll run on us again.
What do you want me
to do?
Cut the bitch'’s head off
and use it as a knocker
at the gate?
If you can'’t control
your own woman.
then she'’ll get us
all killed.
Makes me wonder
who'’s the real bitch here.
She'’s not the one
pushing boundaries now. is she?
I'’ve always wondered
how these things work.
You still alive. old man?
Fuck you!
No. thanks.
You ain'’t got the equipment
for it no more.
Hey!
Hey. what the hell
are you doing?
I'’m doing
what need be done.
Now.
you either stand with me.
or you lie bloody
with him.
Make your choice.
Good boy.
And you. old friend...
...you already made
your choice.
Die with it.
Come here. girl.
You see me?
Can you see me?
You may still have a chance.
if you survive the night
with me
and by my good graces.
If you choose to betray me
like you did him. well...
Do you see him?
Good.
When he dies.
you drag him out back
with the rest of the waste.
Now'’s fine.
Oh. no.
Goddamn!
That'’s nasty!
Cass? Cass?
Here. drink this.
Careful. It'’s hot.
I'’ll bring more
when I can.
Help me.
Wait.It'’s almost morning.
Felix!
Help me!
Quiet!
You okay?
Sounds close.
Any idea
where we are?
No.
We should wait until dawn
so we can see
where we'’re going.
Who says she survives
that long?
Why won'’t you
just kill me?
Well. you dead
ain'’t what I want.
I don'’t belong
to no man.
You keep
telling yourself that.
Maybe it'’ll come true.
Fiery.
There'’s a guard.
He won'’t even know
I'’m there.
Are you crazy?
We don'’t even know
how many are in there.
I'’ll slip in.
get our horses.
and slip out.
Then you can go.I'’m not leaving
without you.
It don'’t make sense
for us to both go in there.
I could use some help
with that wall.
though.
Now. please.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
What'’s it look like?
Take it.
We don'’t have long.
Go get the horses.
I'’ll meet you at the gate.
Go. Go.
Thank you.
Come here.
Okay. It'’s okay.
Are you ready to go?
I'’ll be back for you.
It'’s okay.
Almost there.
How did Romeo and Juliet
end again?
I forget.
You'’re gonna be fine.
You'’re gonna make it.
Take her. and keep her close.
She won'’t survive
in the cold.
Take care of her
for me.Sure enough.
Take this.
It'’s all I got left.
Orion'’s still in there.
Hold on.
Run. Now.
Forget the horse.No. Orion!
We got to get to move on.
Now or never.
Finally grew a pair.
huh?
Good boy.
Jammed.
It'’s pretty.
but useless.
Like you
and that whore.
Hey.
You know
how your daddy died?
You know?
In--
In the revolution.
Oh.
Suffering for his people?
My daddy died a hero.
Suffering ain'’t noble.
It'’s just suffering.
There you go.
Good girl.
All right. Hey.
All right.
Hey.
Abigale.
I know.You know nothin'’.
Don'’t you do that
to yourself.
Nothing good
can come from it.
I miss them.
What were their names?
Abraham. Celeste.
and Tobias. my brother.
They were all I had.
and I failed them.
No. No. I don'’t--
I don'’t see it that way.
Everything I know.
I learned
from watching my parents.
but I never got the chance
to do anything for myself.
I didn'’t mean...
I understand.
You know. I was...
brought up to keep quiet.
stay in my place
and not make a fuss.
and that'’s exactly
what I did.
I let them die.
It'’s my fault.
and there ain'’t...
nothing I can do
to bring them back.
And there ain'’t nothing
I can do to make it up.
I can'’t be saved.
Don'’t you start thinking
that way now.
It wasn'’t you
who brought this hell
down upon your family.
I don'’t think
she did either.
She was a prisoner.
just like I was
intended to be.
She saved my life twice.
She could'’ve let them
turn me into whatever it was
that they made her be.
But she'’s got a good heart.
deep down.
I'’m not gonna
let her die here.
I'’m sorry about Orion.
Well. I'’m just glad
the both of y'’all safe.
I'’ll feel better about that
once we'’re away
from this place.
There. there. there.
How far
to the homestead?
Not far
if you'’re on a horse.
but walking...
Should we rest
for a bit?
I'’ll let you know.
You'’re home.
We'’re home.
Can you get her inside?
Think I'’ll manage.
Hey. boy.
What you doing?
Ah.
Man of the house
makes his triumphant return
from the dead.
Nora. come here. love.
No. No. No.
She'’s happy here
with me.
What you want?
I want-- I want
what every man wants.
A nice home. and...
a loving family.
Well. you ain'’t gonna
find it here.
Oh.
I think I'’m gonna
like it here.
My last family.
it didn'’t work out
too good.
Disobedient.
These ladies shouldn'’t be
too hard to train.
Nora. you all right?She'’s fine.
Women in this house
can speak for themselves.
But...
...it ain'’t your house
no more.
Well. it sure as hell
ain'’t yours!
Let her go.
Please.
And what if I don'’t?
Huh?
Oh. are you--
you gonna draw on me. huh?
I ain'’t no gunslinger.
No. no.
You'’re just a rancher.
I could use someone
to keep this place up.
You can sleep
in the stable.
Take the house.
Let them leave.
And why would I
do that?
Take your fucking hands
off my wife!
I don'’t think you understand
the predicament
that you'’re in. rancher.
You see. I'’m going to do more
than just put my hands on her.
She ain'’t yours no more.
What happened to
your pretty notions. rancher?
I thought you weren'’t
pointing guns no more.
Forgot to say.
that one'’s jammed.
I'’m afraid I ain'’t got much use
for a crippled ranch hand.
No!
She ain'’t gonna be your whore.
None of us is.
Well. you ain'’t.
that'’s for damn sure.
No!
Goddamn it!
This is my house!
And you bitches
will do as I say.
Get your fucking hands
off of her.
You'’re about
to breathe your last.
And ain'’t nobody
ever loved you.
You feel that?
Sweet Jesus.
Erik?
Erik. can you hear me?
Oh. thank God.
Oh. Abigale. he'’s alive.
There there. Cassie.